README.md, before:


# Orion

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/u8vstv96djis8twq/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/alamminsalo/orion/branch/master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alamminsalo/orion.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alamminsalo/orion)

[Webpage](https://alamminsalo.github.io/orion)

QML/C++-written desktop client for Twitch.tv

## Features: 

* Login by twitch credentials
* Desktop notifications
* Integrated player
* Chat support
* Support for live streams and vods

Available on [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.orion.android)

## Screencaptures

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27839943-cc1834ae-60fd-11e7-9b87-d3aaf5f7483c.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27839974-fb7a6d3e-60fd-11e7-8638-9214fe5a1355.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840060-adef907a-60fe-11e7-88c5-72c83ec60d1d.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840062-b2f14eba-60fe-11e7-9e04-7d12477519d7.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840063-b6429fce-60fe-11e7-9e96-54d6d0657953.png" width="128">

## Dependencies

* `mpv` (default), `qtav` or `qt5-multimedia`

## Building on linux

(Using arch linux examples, but can be applied to other distros as well)

#### Install needed libraries and software

```
sudo pacman -S git gcc qt5-base qt5-quickcontrols qt5-svg qt5-quickcontrols2 qt5-graphicaleffects mpv
```

If using backend other than mpv, install those packages instead.

#### Choosing player backend (optional)
To select a backend used, pass CONFIG-variable a suitable backend for qmake (alternatively edit straight to .pro file):

* MPV: `CONFIG+=mpv`
* QtAV: `CONFIG+=qtav`
* Qt5 Multimedia: `CONFIG+=multimedia`

As default, mpv is used (if nothing is passed)

#### Get orion from github and install

```
git clone https://github.com/alamminsalo/orion
cd orion
mkdir build && cd build
qmake ../
make && sudo make install
```

## Building on MacOS

#### Install needed libraries and software

```
brew install qt mpv
brew link --force qt
```
You need to force link qt to get qmake. Note that this can cause problems with other make tools. For more information see `brew info qt`.

#### Get orion from github and install

```
git clone https://github.com/alamminsalo/orion
cd orion
mkdir build && cd build
qmake ../
make
```

There will now be an orion.app application in the build directory.

## Qt version

Minimum supported Qt version is currently 5.8


## Misc

Supports environment variables such as `QT_QUICK_CONTROLS_MATERIAL_ACCENT`, to customize UI colors. 
See more on [qt material docs](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qtquickcontrols2-material.html).


## Windows troubleshooting

You need Visual C++ 2015-runtime installed. 

Installer can be found in the application's install directory (I'll make it install automatically in the next version)

## Known issues

* If network goes down while Orion is running, the images stop loading until application restart. Otherwise the application should work fine after network is back up
* Sometimes the stream hangs and doesn't load on start. Restarting the stream should work
* Vods are sometimes having issues, skipping some parts of the video. Needs further investigating

Commit message:

add example image of color mod

README.md, after:


# Orion

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/u8vstv96djis8twq/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/alamminsalo/orion/branch/master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alamminsalo/orion.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alamminsalo/orion)

[Webpage](https://alamminsalo.github.io/orion)

QML/C++-written desktop client for Twitch.tv

## Features: 

* Login by twitch credentials
* Desktop notifications
* Integrated player
* Chat support
* Support for live streams and vods

Available on [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.orion.android)

## Screencaptures

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27839943-cc1834ae-60fd-11e7-9b87-d3aaf5f7483c.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27839974-fb7a6d3e-60fd-11e7-8638-9214fe5a1355.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840060-adef907a-60fe-11e7-88c5-72c83ec60d1d.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840062-b2f14eba-60fe-11e7-9e04-7d12477519d7.png" width="128">	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/27840063-b6429fce-60fe-11e7-9e96-54d6d0657953.png" width="128">

## Dependencies

* `mpv` (default), `qtav` or `qt5-multimedia`

## Building on linux

(Using arch linux examples, but can be applied to other distros as well)

#### Install needed libraries and software

```
sudo pacman -S git gcc qt5-base qt5-quickcontrols qt5-svg qt5-quickcontrols2 qt5-graphicaleffects mpv
```

If using backend other than mpv, install those packages instead.

#### Choosing player backend (optional)
To select a backend used, pass CONFIG-variable a suitable backend for qmake (alternatively edit straight to .pro file):

* MPV: `CONFIG+=mpv`
* QtAV: `CONFIG+=qtav`
* Qt5 Multimedia: `CONFIG+=multimedia`

As default, mpv is used (if nothing is passed)

#### Get orion from github and install

```
git clone https://github.com/alamminsalo/orion
cd orion
mkdir build && cd build
qmake ../
make && sudo make install
```

## Building on MacOS

#### Install needed libraries and software

```
brew install qt mpv
brew link --force qt
```
You need to force link qt to get qmake. Note that this can cause problems with other make tools. For more information see `brew info qt`.

#### Get orion from github and install

```
git clone https://github.com/alamminsalo/orion
cd orion
mkdir build && cd build
qmake ../
make
```

There will now be an orion.app application in the build directory.

## Qt version

Minimum supported Qt version is currently 5.8


## Misc

Supports environment variables such as `QT_QUICK_CONTROLS_MATERIAL_ACCENT`, to customize UI colors. 

### Example

```
# linux example, but similar in other OSes
QT_QUICK_CONTROLS_MATERIAL_BACKGROUND="#00101f" QT_QUICK_CONTROLS_MATERIAL_ACCENT="#FF5722" orion
```

And this looks like:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5585454/42691905-8438a3fe-86b2-11e8-821e-c4a6bbb8ff08.png" width="256">

See more on [qt material docs](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qtquickcontrols2-material.html).


## Windows troubleshooting

You need Visual C++ 2015-runtime installed. 

Installer can be found in the application's install directory (I'll make it install automatically in the next version)

## Known issues

* If network goes down while Orion is running, the images stop loading until application restart. Otherwise the application should work fine after network is back up
* Sometimes the stream hangs and doesn't load on start. Restarting the stream should work
* Vods are sometimes having issues, skipping some parts of the video. Needs further investigating
